= Nite Dependencies

The plugin adds 'dependency' relations between objects.

Here dependency relation is:

* Symmetric - if _a_ depends on _b_, then _b_ depends on _a_
* Not transitive - if _a_ depends on _b_, and _b_ depends on _c_ , it does *not* mean that _a_ depends on _c_.
Such a dependency should be defined separately if needed.

== Installation
Add to your Gemfile
  gem 'nite_dependencies'
then
  bundle install
then
  rails generate nite:dependencies:install
then 
  rake db:migrate

The installation process will add a table to the database named
  nite_dpendencies

== Model
The plugin adds a model called Dependency.
This model represent a single dependency between two elements.

== Restrictions
A dependency is only allowed between two objects of the same class.

== Name Space
All models in gem, are namespaced under Nite.

== Methods
The following methods are made available by the plugin

* Add a dependency between 'first' and 'second' objects
  Nite::Dependency.add(first, second) 
* Check existence of a dependency between 'first' and 'second' objects
  Nite::Dependency.dependent?(first, second)

On top of this the plugin exposes a class method named 
  has_dependencies
that can be called by Active Record subclasses.
When called, the following three instance methods will be added to the
calling class instance (say 'element'):

* List all dependencies
  element#dependencies 
* add a dependency to another element
  element#add_dependency(element_a)
* Check for dependency 
  element#dependent?(element_a)




